# AI - Credit Card Fraud Analysis
# Introduction: 
Credit card fraud is a wide-ranging term for theft and fraud committed using or involving a payment card, such as credit or debit card, as a fraudulent source of funds in a transaction. The purpose may be to obtain goods without paying, or to obtain unauthorized funds from an account. Credit card fraud is also an adjunct to identity theft. Therefore, it is important for credit card companies to recognize fraudulent transactions to ensure that customers are not charged for the items they did not purchase. However, Artificial Intelligence (AI) supported by Machine Learning (ML) has been able to assist the credit card companies to identify the type of ongoing transaction; either its legal (authentic) or fraudulent (non-authentic). With deep analysis on user’s previous transition history, a fraudulent transition can be predicted and avoided in future. Therefore, we consider to work on __*“Credit Card Fraud Detection System”*__, which can assist any credit card company to predict if fraudulent transition is performed. 
# Dataset Adaption Layout: 
We selected the dataset “Credit Card Fraud Detection System” from a well-known site (https://www.kaggle.com), which hosts many credible datasets for implementing and testing various machine learning related Systems. Currently, the data set “Credit Card Fraud Detection System” contains credit card transactions over a two day collection period in September 2013 by European cardholders. It contains transactions that occurred within two days having a list of 284,807 transactions of which 492 (0.172%) are fraudulent. To maintain confidentiality of sensitive information, principal components analysis (PCA) was applied by the original authors on the dataset containing numerical variables. Additionally the dataset contains Time and Amount, which were not transformed by PCA.
